Add Search Relevance API documentation (#3770)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/search-relevance/index.md

layout: default
title: Search relevance
nav_order: 55
has_children: true
has_toc: false
redirect_from:
  - /search-plugins/search-relevance/
---

# Search relevance

Search relevance evaluates the accuracy of the search results returned by a query. The higher the relevance, the better the search engine. Compare Search Results is the first search relevance feature in OpenSearch. 

## Compare Search Results

Compare Search Results is an experimental feature. For updates on the progress of Compare Search Results and other search relevance features, or if you want to leave feedback that could help improve the feature, join the [discussion on the OpenSearch forum](https://forum.opensearch.org/t/feedback-experimental-feature-compare-search-results/11331).    
{: .warning}

> It lets you compare search results from two queries side by side to determine whether one query produces better results than the other. Using this tool, you can evaluate search quality by experimenting with queries. 

Reviewer: Looks good to me. @msfroh  @macohen  any inputs?

> It lets you compare search results from two queries side by side to determine whether one query produces better results than the other. Using this tool, you can evaluate search quality by experimenting with queries. 

Reviewer 2: Since we haven't introduced the name of the compare search results functionality beyond the warning, let's name it here.

```suggestion
The _Compare search results_ tool in OpenSearch Dashboards lets you compare results from two queries side by side to determine whether one query produces better results than the other. Using this tool, you can evaluate search quality by experimenting with queries. 
```

> The _Compare search results_ tool in OpenSearch Dashboards lets you compare results from two queries side by side to determine whether one query produces better results than the other. Using this tool, you can evaluate search quality by experimenting with queries. 

Reviewer 2: Based on the capitalization comment.

```suggestion
Compare Search Results in OpenSearch Dashboards lets you compare results from two queries side by side to determine whether one query produces better results than the other. Using this tool, you can evaluate search quality by experimenting with queries. 
```
